Add basic API documentation for the reference backend (#126)
twilio/twilio-live-interactive-video: ReferenceBackendAPI.md

# Reference Backend API

## HTTP Method

The reference backend is deployed to [Twilio Functions](https://www.twilio.com/docs/runtime/functions), a serverless environment.

Twilio Functions does not utilize HTTP method so you can just use `POST` for all requests.

## Authentication

> All requests must set the `Authorization` header to the correct [passcode](README.md#deploy-the-app-to-twilio). The backend will validate the passcode before processing each request.

Author: Yeah we should mention 401 because that can be a confusing dead end.

But regarding the other errors such as expired passcode, the iOS app actually just passes it through for the UI to display just like any other fatal error. And the message that the backend provides for these cases is intuitive. So in other words I think the iOS app works well without any special handling. And I think we recommend that customers completely replace the auth system for a production app. So I imagine a customer wouldn't add custom error handling for the passcode solution. Does the web app handle it differently? I'm thinking no need to get into specific errors?

> All requests must set the `Authorization` header to the correct [passcode](README.md#deploy-the-app-to-twilio). The backend will validate the passcode before processing each request.

Reviewer: That's a good point. I guess we don't need to get into specific errors. But, I still think that it could be useful to mention that there are two different ways to get a 401 here, and that it is also useful (if not necessary) for the UI to consume the error messages that are returned.

## Errors

All error responses have this shape:

```json
{
  "error": {
    "message": "error creating room",
    "explanation": "Room already exists."
  }
}
```

## Endpoints

> ### /verify-passcode

Author: See other response

Verifies that the passcode in the request header is correct. The client can call this endpoint to validate a passcode the user has entered.

Request parameters:

```
None since the passcode to verify is in the request header
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "verified": true
}
```

### /create-stream

> This endpoint creates a Twilio video room, Twilio Live player streamer, Twilio Live media processor, Twilio sync service, and Twilio conversation. The user is added to the conversation and some user state is updated in sync objects. The endpoint returns a [Twilio access token](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/access-tokens). The token includes grants that allow the client to connect to the video room, sync objects, and conversation. The user that creates the stream is the host for that stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint creates a Twilio video room, Twilio Live player streamer, Twilio Live media processor, Twilio sync service, and Twilio conversation. The user is added to the conversation and some user state is updated in sync objects. The endpoint returns a [Twilio access token](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/access-tokens). The token includes grants that allow the client to connect to the Twilio Video SDK, Twilio Sync SDK, and Twilio Conversations SDK. The user that creates the stream is the host for that stream.
```
What do you think about this? Just to be more specific about how the token is used.

> This endpoint creates a Twilio video room, Twilio Live player streamer, Twilio Live media processor, Twilio sync service, and Twilio conversation. The user is added to the conversation and some user state is updated in sync objects. The endpoint returns a [Twilio access token](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/access-tokens). The token includes grants that allow the client to connect to the video room, sync objects, and conversation. The user that creates the stream is the host for that stream.

Author: Sure

The endpoint should be called when a user initially joins the stream as a viewer or when a user transitions from speaker to viewer.

Request parameters:

```json
{
  "user_identity": "Bob",
  "stream_name": "demo"
}
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "token": "xxxx.yyyyy.zzzzz"
}
```

### /viewer-connected-to-player

This endpoint updates some user state in the sync objects to reflect that the user is connected to the stream. The client should call this endpoint after a viewer successfully connects to the stream using the Twilio Live Player SDK.

Request parameters:

```json
{
  "user_identity": "Bob",
  "stream_name": "demo"
}
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "success": true
}
```

### /raise-hand

This endpoint updates sync objects to reflect that a user has either raised or lowered their hand. A client should call this endpoint when a viewer wants to signal to the host that they want to speak. The endpoint can also be called when a user changes their mind and wants to lower their hand.

Request parameters:

```json
{
  "user_identity": "Bob",
  "stream_name": "demo",
  "hand_raised": true
}
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "sent": true
}
```

### /remove-speaker

> This endpoint removes a user from the video room. The endpoint should be called when a host wants to remove a speaker that is misbehaving.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint removes a user from the video room. The endpoint should be called when a host wants to remove a speaker that causing shenanigans.
```
Just for fun 🙂 if you want. Also consistent with the `X-Shenanigans: none` header seen on the serverless responses.

Author: Oh yeah that is more Twilio.

# Reference Backend API

## HTTP Method

The reference backend is deployed to [Twilio Functions](https://www.twilio.com/docs/runtime/functions), a serverless environment.

Twilio Functions does not utilize HTTP methods so you can just use `POST` for all requests.

## Authentication

All requests must set the `Authorization` header to the correct [passcode](README.md#deploy-the-app-to-twilio). The backend will validate the passcode before processing each request.

> If you encounter a `401` error, it may be caused by an incorrect passcode. In addition to using the passcode to authenticate each request, the client also derives part of the backend URL from the passcode. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you encounter a `401` error, it may be caused by either an incorrect passcode, or an expired passcode (passcodes expire after one week). Clients should use the `error.explanation` property from the response to inform users about why their passcode was rejected. 

In addition to using the passcode to authenticate each request, the client also derives part of the backend URL from the passcode. 
```
What about something like this?

## Errors

All error responses have this shape:

```json
{
  "error": {
    "message": "error creating room",
    "explanation": "Room already exists."
  }
}
```

## Endpoints

### /verify-passcode

Verifies that the passcode in the request header is correct. The client can call this endpoint to validate a passcode the user has entered.

> 

Reviewer: It might seem duplicative, but just one sentence here could be nice. Something like:

```
Invalid or expired passcodes will return a `401` error code with an accompanying error object as described above. 
```

Request parameters:

```
None since the passcode to verify is in the request header
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "verified": true
}
```

### /create-stream

This endpoint creates a Twilio video [room](https://www.twilio.com/docs/video/api/rooms-resource), Twilio Live [player streamer](https://www.twilio.com/docs/live/api/playerstreamers), Twilio Live [media processor](https://www.twilio.com/docs/live/api/mediaprocessors), Twilio [sync service](https://www.twilio.com/docs/sync/api/service), and Twilio [conversation](https://www.twilio.com/docs/conversations/api/conversation-resource). The user is added to the conversation and some user state is updated in sync objects. The endpoint returns a [Twilio access token](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/access-tokens). The token includes grants that allow the client to connect to the Twilio Video SDK, Twilio Sync SDK, and Twilio Conversations SDK. The user that creates the stream is the host for that stream.

Request parameters:

```json
{
  "user_identity": "Bob",
  "stream_name": "demo"
}
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "token": "xxxx.yyyyy.zzzzz"
}
```

### /join-stream-as-speaker

> This endpoint adds the user to the Twilio conversation and adds some user state to the sync objects. The endpoint returns a [Twilio access token](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/access-tokens). The token includes grants that allow the client to connect to the video room, sync objects, and conversation. The endpoint should be called when a user initially joins the stream as a speaker or when a user transitions from viewer to speaker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint adds the user to the Twilio conversation and adds some user state to the sync objects. The endpoint returns a [Twilio access token](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/access-tokens). The token includes grants that allow the client to connect to the Twilio Video SDK, Twilio Sync SDK, and Twilio Conversations SDK. The endpoint should be called when a user initially joins the stream as a speaker or when a user transitions from viewer to speaker.
```
Just to be consistent with the other section.

Request parameters:

```json
{
  "user_identity": "Bob",
  "stream_name": "demo"
}
```

Example response:

```json
{
  "token": "xxxx.yyyyy.zzzzz"
}
```

### /join-stream-as-viewer

> This endpoint adds the user to the Twilio conversation and adds some user state to some sync objects. The endpoint returns a [Twilio access token](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/access-tokens). The token includes grants that allow the client to connect to the live stream, sync objects, and conversation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint adds the user to the Twilio conversation and adds some user state to some sync objects. The endpoint returns a [Twilio access token](https://www.twilio.com/docs/iam/access-tokens). The token includes grants that allow the client to connect to the Twilio Live Player SDK, Twilio Sync SDK, and Twilio Conversations SDK. 
```
